README.md, before:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**

- [Raincatcher Documentation](#raincatcher-documentation)
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Getting Started With The Demo Solution](#getting-started-with-the-demo-solution)
  - [Running The Demo Solution Locally](#running-the-demo-solution-locally)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Raincatcher Documentation

## Overview

This repository contains useful documentation for developers wishing to use Raincatcher modules and demo apps.

## Getting Started With The Demo Solution

The [Getting Started With The Demo Solution Guide](Getting-Started.md) demonstrates how to use the Red Hat Mobile Application Platform (RHMAP) to import the demo solution and get it up and running.

## Running The Demo Solution Locally

The [Running The Demo Raincatcher Solution Locally](Running-Locally.md) guide explains how to get the Raincatcher demo solution running on your local development machine. This is targeted at developers that wish to extend the existing functionality of Raincatcher modules and demo apps.

Commit message:

First draft of raincatcher solution documentation

README.md, after:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**

- [Raincatcher Documentation](#raincatcher-documentation)
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Getting Started With The Demo Solution](#getting-started-with-the-demo-solution)
  - [Demo Solution Architecture](#demo-solution-architecture)
  - [Running The Demo Solution Locally](#running-the-demo-solution-locally)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Raincatcher Documentation

## Overview

This repository contains useful documentation for developers wishing to use Raincatcher modules and demo apps.

## Getting Started With The Demo Solution

The [Getting Started With The Demo Solution Guide](Getting-Started.md) demonstrates how to use the Red Hat Mobile Application Platform (RHMAP) to import the demo solution and get it up and running.

## Demo Solution Architecture

The [Demo Solution Architecture](Demo-Solution-Architecture.md) document describes the architecture of the Demo solution and how it integrates with Raincatcher modules.

## Running The Demo Solution Locally

The [Running The Demo Raincatcher Solution Locally](Running-Locally.md) guide explains how to get the Raincatcher demo solution running on your local development machine. This is targeted at developers that wish to extend the existing functionality of Raincatcher modules and demo apps.
